[RF-DOCS] Move PostgreSQL Guide into the API and other guides (#55135)
rails/rails: guides/source/association_basics.md

[`config.active_record.automatic_scope_inversing`]:
    configuring.html#config-active-record-automatic-scope-inversing

### Deferrable Foreign Keys

By default, relational databases, like PostgreSQL, enforce foreign key
constraints immediately after each statement within a transaction. This ensures
that every inserted or updated row maintains referential integrity, and prevents
you from creating records that reference other records that haven't yet been
persisted.

> However, PostgreSQL supports a feature called [deferrable
> constraints](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-set-constraints.html),
> which allows constraint checks to be deferred until the end of a transaction.

Reviewer: SQLite also [supports deferrable constraints](https://sqlite.org/foreignkeys.html#fk_deferred), as does the sqlite3 adapter:
https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/2994a6cd4a4c0bc017ec39d23a58be7fc52c9f79/activerecord/lib/active_record/connection_adapters/sqlite3_adapter.rb#L277-L279

Maybe mention SQLite as well?
```suggestion
However, some databases, like PostgreSQL and SQLite, support a feature called [deferrable
constraints](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-set-constraints.html),
which allows constraint checks to be deferred until the end of a transaction.
```

Or just avoid mentioning which databases support it for easier maintainability?
```suggestion
However, some databases support a feature called [deferrable
constraints](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-set-constraints.html),
which allows constraint checks to be deferred until the end of a transaction.
```
